---
layout: post
title: "TRUMP BEGINS"
date: 2011-01-16
excerpt: "Thoughts on Inauguration Day 2017"
tags: [POETRY]
feature: https://scontent-dft4-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/16113953_1443342935678298_7766391084788443692_n.jpg?oh=d62367d6c1ef12acbe04682dcbbc26c0&oe=591DAE4A
---
Donald J Trump is sworn in as President of the United States today, and I can't decide if I want to listen to the Eagles or if I want to listen to really angry political punk. Who hated Reagan the most? Jello Biafra, possibly?
It really feels like I am in one of the parallel dimensions where that morning I decided to have Frosted Mini-Wheats instead of Captain Crunch created another universe in which the Don became president.

* * * * * *

I have somehow decided on the Foo Fighters. Having recently turned 34, I am particularly susceptible to nostalgia attacks from the 90's. I posted on facebook asking my friends what the best Foo album was, and the answer was overwhelmingly 1997's "The Colour and the Shape." Note to self: find out why Dave Grohl spelled it the English way. I am finding solace in growl of Grohl, as I consider our fucked-up Twilight Zone fate.

* *

The camera pans past a burning dumpster fire, toxic smoke spews out through the orange and red flames. A piece of trash blows by, and we pass dirty, starving people. Graffiti is everywhere: it is evident something very violent happened here recently. Camera zooms back to reveal Trump tower, all gilded cheap gold surrounded by barbed wire. Military SWAT guard the entrance. A the helicopter's blades slice the sky.

* *

I so badly want to be wrong about that kind of scenario, and try to remind myself that there's only such much power a president really has, branches of government, blah, blah, blah. We got what we deserve. Bernie would have won. What the hell happened to Hillary? Will I still have healthcare in a year? What do the billionaires truly want? And So On.
